Add note about `manual_release_instructions` label (#4015)
neondatabase/neon: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/release-pr.md

<!-- List everything that should be done **before** release, any issues / setting changes / etc -->

### Checklist after release

> - [ ] Proceed with instructions from PRs labeled `manual_release_instructions` you released

Reviewer: Consider an alternative:

```suggestion
- [ ] Make sure instructions from PRs included in this release and labeled `manual_release_instructions` are executed (either by you or by people who wrote them).
```

Up to you.
